Update New-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy.md (#9133)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy.md

More on the impact of bit rate setting on bandwidth can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/prepare-network).

> To enable the network roaming policy for users who are not enterprise voice enabled, you must also enable the AllowNetworkConfigurationSettingsLookup setting in TeamsMeetingPolicy. This setting is off by default. See Set-TeamsMeetingPolicy for more info on how to enable AllowNetworkConfigurationSettingsLookup for non-enterprise voice enabled users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the network roaming policy for users who are not Enterprise Voice enabled, you must also enable the AllowNetworkConfigurationSettingsLookup setting in TeamsMeetingPolicy. This setting is off by default. See Set-TeamsMeetingPolicy for more information on how to enable AllowNetworkConfigurationSettingsLookup for users who are not Enterprise Voice enabled. 
```

Reviewer: Kindly also insert a link to Set-TeamsMeetingPolicy if you want to refer to it. Thanks.
